Add WidowX 250 6DOF tutorial (#30)
fictionlab/docs: docs/leo-rover/integrations/robotic-arms/trossen-widowx-250.mdx

Reviewer: Replace `sudo nano` with just `nano`. There is no need for root privileges to edit files under `/etc/ros` in LeoOS.

Reviewer: On line 86, remove the  `(**addons** section)`. There is no such section.

sudo nano /etc/ros/setup.bash
```

> Add below line to this file:

Reviewer: Why did you change this line?

Author: Must have omitted this while copying, I'll revert it so it's more similar to original tutorial

sudo systemctl restart leo
```

:::warning

If power to the arm is cut (e.g. when the rover is turned off) all of the arm's
motors will be switched off. This means that the arm will collapse
uncontrollably.

To prevent it hold the arm manually or place it in a secure position before
turning off the rover.

:::

## Examples

### Controlling the arm

Now that you have the driver running, you should see the new ROS topics and
services under the `/wx250s` namespace. For a full description of the ROS API,
visit the
[manufacturer documentation](https://docs.trossenrobotics.com/interbotix_xsarms_docs/ros_interface/ros1.html).
You can test some of the features with the `rostopic` and `rosservice`
command-line tools:

Publish position command to the elbow joint:

```bash
rostopic pub /wx250s/commands/joint_single interbotix_xs_msgs/JointSingleCommand "name: 'elbow'
cmd: -0.5"
```

:::warning

> Be careful while commanding the arm to move. It doesn't have collision
> detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful while commanding individual arm joints. The driver doesn't prevent
self-collisions in this mode of operation.
```
